{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hey everyone! For my project, I made a Crayola Color selector application. While this may sound simple from the name, It has quite a bit going on below the surface. My app allows the user to chose from a list of colors. This list is generated from a JSON file with all the Crayola crayon colors, each with its respective name, RGB, and Hexadecimal values. When the user clicks the color, it changes the background of the whole application. This was accomplished through the use of Binding variables that stored the color\'92s hexadecimal value. There is not a built in way to read in the hexadecimal value as a Color object in SwiftUI that I could find, so I had to find a solution online that involved taking the hex string and applying bitwise operations like and and shift to get the desired color.  The Crayon shapes on the main screen were also created by me using SwiftUI shapes and curved paths. I wanted the user to have fun playing with the colors and seeing all the names of the crayons so many of us used as children to express our creativity! \
\
\
Welcome to the Crayola Color Selector! This program allows you to view a list of all the Crayola color names and values and select one from the list to be the app\'92s theme! There are quite a lot to those from so haven looking at them all and choosing your favorite one! Relive seeing the vast rainbow of colors that helped express your childhood creativity! }